Risco - Add set_time service description (#37613)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/risco.markdown

| Arm Away | Arm |
| Arm Home | Partial Arm |

## Supported platforms

- [Alarm control panel](/integrations/alarm_control_panel/)
- [Binary sensor](/integrations/binary_sensor/)
- [Sensor](/integrations/sensor/)
- [Switch](/integrations/switch/)

## Actions

### Set time

> This service enables you to set the time of a panel on a location connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `risco.set_time` action enables you to set the time of a panel on a location connection.
```
I would not use the term service as it's called action now.

Author: 100% correct. I'm still using 'service' all over the place in my configuration so my brain hasn't transitioned to using 'action' yet.
